---
layout: post
title: Assignment 01
subtitle: Good Design/Bad Design
---

Taken from Iris's CSCI 376 [Website](https://sites.google.com/williams.edu/csci376-2018/project/project-proposal?authuser=0):

"**DUE: Sunday 2/11 @11:59pm.**

*Propose and analyze a problem that forms the basis of a design project for this class.*

In one paragraph, describe the design problem and motivation. This description should convince the reader that this is a difficult and interesting problem, worth spending a semester considering. State what the problem is and why it is a problem, or describe a new idea and why it will enhance an existing application or practice.

In another paragraph, analyze the problem or idea to give more background and context. Do not just focus on the negative aspects of the current situation, but also identify some positive aspects that may be beneficial to retain. A few salient examples from existing systems or practices could be used to support those claims. If appropriate, you may conduct this analysis by describing a scenario that illustrates how someone might encounter and resolve the problem.

Ensure your report is appropriately clear and easy to read. This includes:
- text should be clear and concise
- use section headings as appropriate
- include images in the body of the write-up with appropriate  figure numbers and captions (and citations!!!!)
- refer to the figures in the body of your text
- check for typos, spelling, and grammar errors

Be sure your presentation looks good:
- choose appropriate colors, fonts, and styles
- make liberal use of whitespace

*Be prepared to pitch your project idea to the class.*

**Submission**
No more than one page of text (approximately 500 words).

Images do not count against your page limit, and are therefore effectively free. You should embed images throughout your proposal, keeping them near the text that references them. The limit applies to the approximate amount of text you would have if all images were removed.

Create a new page on your Github User page to host your individual project proposal. Post the link (with the project title) to the appropriate Slack channel.

**Grading**
This proposal will be graded on a scale of 5 points:
- Problem and Motivation: (2 points)
- Analysis of Problem: (1 points)
- Novelty and Creativity: (1 points)
- Report Clarity and Presentation: (1 points)"

**Results**:

*Example Scenario*

In the example of an art piece in a museum, imagine a user who does not want to engage with museum staff. They see a sculpture that reminds them of a book they may have read about it in the past, but cannot remember the details. The plaque  lists the artist, date of creation, and the mediums used, but it is untitled.

Without this project, this user would open a browser on their phone and search for the artist and 'sculpture.' Assuming the artist is a sculptor, they would have to browse all of the works until they find the one of interest, and then attempt to track down the book from there.

Or, the museum may have a list of pieces they own and related media. The user pulls up the website or app and finds this particular piece, and may be able to find something this way. Still, if the museum's website is poorly designed, then it might not work.

If the user has not given up, they may decide to just ask someone, but remember: they didn't want to do this in the first place. This project aims to mitigate all of these issues with just a picture of the item in question; in this case, the sculpture.

[Individual Project Proposal ](https://alyssawang.github.io/csci376/ind-proposal/)
