---
layout: post
title: Assignment 04
subtitle: Research Paper Report
---

Taken from Iris's CSCI 376 [Website](https://sites.google.com/williams.edu/csci376-2018/assignments/research-paper?authuser=0):

**"DUE: Sunday, 4/23 at 11:59pm**
Researchers and designers often re-invent. Instead it is valuable to take advantage of what is already known. To do this, you need to find and understand prior results. Find and read a (8+ page) research paper related to your project. The paper does not necessarily have to describe an app or device. For example, the research paper may describe the results of surveys or interviews on how people currently learn some thing (or some way) related to your project.

In one paragraph, summarize the findings of the research paper.
- What were the main points of this paper?
- Given the paper, do you believe those main points?
- In one paragraph, describe how the paper applies to your project.
- After reading this paper, is there anything you wish you had done differently in your design?
- Do you think you’ve designed something that’s improved upon what this paper discusses?
This reflection should be no more than one page of text (i.e., 500 words).

**Submission**
Your reflection should be submitted as a page on your personal website, and with a link posted to the appropriate Slack channel. The page should be accessible from your main individual course page.

**Grading**
This assignment will be graded on a scale of 8 points:
- Summary: (4 points)
- Application: (4 points)"

**Results**:

[Research Paper Report](https://alyssawang.github.io/csci376/research-paper/)
